fix(konnect-platform): Update networking info for konnect (#6518)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/konnect-platform/network.md

* SG (Singapore) (beta): `sg`
* US (United States): `us`

{:.warning}
> **Important:** Visit [https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/ip-addresses.json](https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/ip-addresses.json) for a full list of regional and service ingress IPs. The `ingressIPs` section contains a list of all ingress IPs per geo and consolidated IPs per service. 
> <br><br>
> To avoid coupling firewall rules to specific services or DNS suffixes (such as `cp`, `tp`), we recommend allowlisting the values in the `ingressIPs` block for each region. 
> This ensures your setup is more resilient to future infrastructure or DNS changes. You can also subscribe to [https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/rss](https://ip-addresses.origin.konghq.com/rss) for updates.

### Shared hostnames

> Allowlist the following hostnames for any runtime or application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allow list the following hostnames for any runtime or application:
```

{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->

### {{site.konnect_short_name}} application hostnames

In addition to the [shared hostnames](#shared-hostnames), add the following {{site.konnect_short_name}} application hostnames to your firewall allow list:

<!--vale off-->
{% table %}
columns:
  - title: Hostname
    key: hostname
  - title: Description
    key: description
rows:
  - hostname: "`REGION.identity.konghq.com`"
    description: The URL for the Identity server in the geo.
  - hostname: "`PORTAL_ID.REGION.kongportals.com`"
    description: The URL for the Dev Portal in the geo.
{% endtable %}
<!--vale on-->

## Specify IP addresses that can connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}}

Org Admins can specify an IP address or a range of IP addresses that are allowed to connect to {{site.konnect_short_name}} through its supported interfaces. This includes the UI, the {{site.konnect_short_name}} [APIs](/konnect-api/), the [Admin API](/admin-api/), [decK](/decK/), [kongctl](/kongctl/), and [Terraform](/terraform/).

This IP allow list applies to all {{site.konnect_short_name}} communication that goes through the Admin API.

{:.warning}
> **Important:**

> > * If the source IP address you have allow-listed is no longer reachable and IP allow list enforcement is enabled, access to {{site.konnect_short_name}} will be blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * If the source IP address you have allow listed is no longer reachable and IP allow list enforcement is enabled, access to {{site.konnect_short_name}} will be blocked.
```
